Hahahuha Okay.
Alright, hobbies. Do you have hobbies? What is your hobby?
Oh, cool.
Mmmm..
mm, mmm
It's not true.
Oh really, Yeah, yeah.
Oh, wow, great
Mhm, Oh, wow, huhuhuha Ahan
Mmm
mmm
ch okay mm
mm
Run. And so that was.***
We owe it to an avid reader.
mm
mmm...
huhuhuu
well
Oh, really? Wow.
ohhhh
So you majored in literature?
But you you really were weren't that into reading like before that?
That's so interesting. What made you go into literature?
mm
Mmm try mhmm
ohhh..
mmm...mhmm
mmm, yeah, right, mhm
interesting wow
Wow, that's so cool. So what kind of books do you read right now?
mm
Oh, good one.
mmm..
It's right.
Okay.
mmm..
Really?
mhm
mm
ch mmm...
mhm, hmmhuhu..,Like how often do you like how?
How many books do you like go through? like and like
Like let's say like a month or two months.
Like how many how many books can you bring to read?
mhm
mm....
mmm
Oh wow
mmm..
mm mhm
okay, yeah
I always like I'm curious about people who like to read because I'm like when like
where is the time like in the day for you to like
Be like, okay, I'm gonna read that.
Okay, I'm wondering. Oh, do you?
ohh okay
haha
I see
mmm..
Huh Do you like fall asleep as you read them?
Oh I see, So when you're like when you're like almost like that
I see, I see.
Ha I don't know, I like, I am not an avid reader. I I think I enjoy it.
But I have so many other like hobbies and my mind like wanders a lot.
So like reading to me, for me, is like, I really have to like.
carve time out and like really be like, okay, I'm gonna read now.
Ha ,So like or like am
When I need to learn about something really quickly, that's when I read
So it's like I feel like it's never kind of this like for pleasure.
do you like it? but So I'm
I just like wonder for like people who are active leaders, like how
that like manifests in your life. Just cruise. huhu
Huhuhu, Do you have any books so you could like recommend?
the The Jimmy Carter's, that sounds like really interesting.
yeah
mhm